chore(notices): add log4j2 notices (#499)
camunda-cloud/camunda-cloud-documentation: docs/reference/notices.md

Camunda publishes security notices after fixes are available.

### Notice 2

#### Publication Date:

December 13th, 2021

#### Product affected:

IAM

#### Impact:

IAM bundles log4j libraries for which the following CVE has been published: https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2021-44228.
Specifically, IAM bundles log4j-api and log4j-to-slf4j. However, IAM does not bundle the log4j-core library which contains the vulnerability referred to by the CVE. As a result, Camunda does not consider IAM to be affected by the vulnerability.

> Still, Camunda recommends applying fixes as mentioned in Solutions below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Still, Camunda recommends applying fixes as mentioned in the Solution section below.
```

#### How to determine if the installation is affected

You are using IAM version <= 1.2.5

#### Solution

Camunda has provided the following releases which contain a fix

- [IAM 1.2.6](https://github.com/camunda-cloud/zeebe/releases/tag/1.2.6)

> ### Notice 1

Reviewer 2: I think I would make this "Notice 2" and IAM "Notice 1" so that Zeebe, Operate, Tasklist is on top. I know it does not make a difference long-term but right now it might make a difference

Author: I reorder the notices to have Zeebe be the most recent one
